Technology is everywhere.
It's become
a fundamental part of modern life.
The internet has brought the world
to our finger tips,
and we have all come to depend on it
in many ways,
both at home and at work.
Did you know that data is now one of the
most valuable commodities in the world?
The data that makes up each of our digital
footprints is extremely valuable.
Which, sadly, makes it a prime target
for cyber crime.
Online criminals and hackers
want to get their hands on your data,
and it can be easy to fall
for their sneaky techniques.
It's important
to know what to look out for
and what steps to take
if their tricks succeed
and you come face to face
with a cyber attack at some point.
That's where cyber security comes in.
Cyber security's core
function is to protect the devices we use
and the data we store on them from theft,
damage and unauthorised access.
It may seem daunting,
but cyber security is driven by people,
not technology, so we can all do our bit.
People are responsible
for what happens to their data,
and you probably already have more control
than you might think.
At work, your organisation should be doing
lots of things behind the scenes
to protect you from cyber attacks,
but you can play your part
by taking a few steps.
That's where this training comes in.
It gives you clear, actionable steps
and advice
to protect yourself
from the most common cyber attacks.
Together, we can make the UK
the safest place
for you to live and work online.
So, let's get started!